This document describes the game "Evolution", which is a protoype game for the Game Development course at the university of Hamburg.

The game in three sentences:
It's a 2D fish simulation game with (b)eat 'em up elements in form of being able to eat fish and plants and 
role playing elements in form of being able to control a fish and 
evolve into a more evolved fish. The game plays in a realistic under water environment and 
is in the style of reality with some exaggerated elements.
The goal of the game is to evolve into the most evolved being in the game.
 
The game in more detail:
game enginde: Unity3D
dimensions: 2D
Phase 1 decisions:
	genretypes:
 		fishsimulation (control a fish), 
 		role-playing (be the fish, evolve, upgrade)
 		(b)eat 'em up (eat plants or fish)
Phase 2 decisions:
	plot and style:
		realistic action driven events in a realistic style with some exaggerated elements
Phase 3 decisions:
	environment:
		the location is an underwater finite space
	basic conditions:
		the physical conditions are (near) realistic
		the graphical style is realistic  
		the acoustical style is realistic 
		in the biosphere of the game are plants, fish and humans
		the possibilities of interaction are the movement of the fish, eating and some specials (shooting toxic for example)
Phase 4 decisions:
	protagonist:
		the protagonist is a fish
	antagonist:
		there are many antagonists which are fish, plants, traps and humans
Phase 5 decisions:
	protagonist:
		the protagonist wants to evolve and eventually walk the beach
	antagonist:
		the fish are hungry
		the humans are hungry, have fun at hunting and want to collect trophies and be recognised 

Reward system:
	1. Points: There will be a highscore system. The player gains points for certain events, like eating other fish or evolving.
	2. Useable Assets: The player can change the size and shape of the fish by evolving. 
	3. Abilitiy updates: The player can add new abilities to the fish through evolution.
	4. Achievements: There will be certain challenges in the game (like eat 100 fish). When completed, they will reward the player with a new emblem. 

Ideas:
	cast into a fish:
		The story could be that you were once human and have been cast into a fish by the pope since you were a scientist and the curch didn't approve your theories of the evolution
	christian enemies:
		The story could be that Christians want to stop your evolution so their theories of god's creation cannot be disproved	
	
	
	
Parallaxe fuer Levelwechsel
Kameraeffekt (aufloesung beachten) ueberdenken
Fische essen andere Fische und Gegner (werden staerker oder und legen Eier)
Fisch kann springen
Man braucht neue Faehigkeiten um weiterzukommen
	 (schneller gegen Stroeme schwimmen)	
EVO 
Kameraeinstellungen anpassen (links den Rand) und dass sie nicht zu weit nach unten und oben weggeht wenn man schnell ist(und automatisch anpasen an Bild) 	
Kleine Fische die wir essen koennen --> staerker werden um Stein zu schubsen	
	
	
	
	